---
date: 2019-08-15
weight: 19
---

So, I think the order of my entry to furry was as follows:

1. Find a furcode in someone's forum sig.

    > Oh my aching bones.

    Shut up, you're not that old, the internet just moves *really* fast. Besides, you don't have bones.
2. Find a furcode decoder.
3. Find Captain Packrat's page on furry.
4. Find Yerf!.
5. Make a dragon character.
6. This lasts three days. No one pays attention to me. Make a fox character.
7. Meet some furries on GovTeen (née Puberty101).
8. Start talking with furries on AIM.
9. Join FluffMUCK.

> Ah yes, Fluff. May she rest in eternal solitude.

She's not totally gone. I don't think. I actually haven't checked in a while.

> I'm starting to doubt your commitment to nostalgia, here.

What would I gain from such?

> You could go look in the park. You could go ride around in the Universe-in-a-Box. You could `laston` some folks, maybe.

Weirdly enough, of the people I would `laston`, I was finally reintroduced to a few not too long ago by, of all people, Zorin, head wiz of Fluff. Rela and GC. I was glad to see them doing well.

> You were glad to see they were alive.

I was glad to see they were alive, yes. That was around the time I had found the obituary for Danny.

> You could `laston` Marek.

I'm not sure I could take that.

> Is that why you don't want to connect?

It's one reason. Nostalgia is only so much fun. It's fun up until a certain extent, and then it becomes painful.

> It's fun up until you're confronted with mortality and uncertainty. Danny died, and you don't know if Marek's alive.

Yeah.

It's no longer fun, but it's no less important.

> Let's talk about Margaras.

Not yet.

> Danny's passing was an abstract thing. Maragaras' was much more immediate. Much more concrete and real.

Please.

> Take your time.
