---
date: 2020-02-21
title: Book
---

> A book?

Yes.

> Why?

<!--more-->

A question I struggle with just as much as you.

> Obviously. Best guess, then.

Best guess, this project has become important to me and integral to my writing in a way that I can't really express without waxing maudlin about writing <a class="pulse" href="/writing">again</a>. It's something I've poured time and love and blood and sweat and tears into. I'm proud of it.

> Is it not enough as it stands?

It's great as it stands. It's just that I'd also love to see this as a production that I can show to others. Something I can see on others' bookshelves. Something I can maybe see in a bookstore.

> Why the struggle, then? Why not just publish it and accept your pride?

Who am I to say my life is interesting enough to put in front of other people's eyes? How can I possibly suggest that my words are worth reading when they are about things that impact so very few people?

Like, *Restless Town* was something that I was proud of, but I didn't have this compunction because there are more trans people than just myself, more poly folks than just myself, more furries than just me. Ditto *Rum and Coke*.

> And **Eigengrau**?

Poetry --- at least much of that poetry --- is more universal than even the stories in *Restless Town*.

> This is about gender, poly, and furry. Must the whole book be applicable to be enjoyed?

No, I suppose not.

### New Content

* [ally 30](/30) through 32
* [Book](/book)

-----

That's right, for better or for worse, <em class="ally-font">ally</em> is coming out in book form! It's up for pre-order, in both paperback and PDF digital editions. Read more about it [here](/book)!
