---
date: 2019-08-16
weight: 5
---

```
% Trying to connect to furry: 74.207.243.108 8889.
% Connected to furry.
#$#mcp version: "2.1" to: "2.1"
Welcome to
              _____                 _ _ _   _    _ __   _   ,  SM
               /  '                ' ) ) ) ' )  / /  ) ' ) /
            ,-/-, . . __  __  __  , / / /   /  / /      /-<
           (_/   (_/_/ (_/ (_/ (_/ / ' (_  (__/ (__/   /   )
                                /
                               '
          The first 99 & 44/100% anthropomorphic/Furry TinyMu*

(The SM means that FurryMuck is a Service Mark of the FurryMuck Wizards)
To connect to your existing character, type "connect <name> <password>".
To receive a new character, send mail to join@furrymuck.com
To see the latest news, type "news" after connecting to a character.
To disconnect from a character, type "QUIT".
Use the WHO command to find out who is currently online.
Use the 'whereare' command to find places with active people.
Use the 'wizzes' command to see what Wizards are on line, or the 'helpstaff'
 command to see who of the help staff is on.
Use "connect guest guest" to visit FurryMUCK as a guest.
All users of FurryMuck are bound by our AUP. "NEWS AUP" to read this document.
----

Sadly, FurryMuck has lost one of its own.

S'A'Alis, May 29, 1963 -- September 5, 2012, the Large Furry Marsupial, and a
member of the L'Drey, a space-faring, fox-like species. He was never without his
'Eternally Filled Highly Caffeinated Coffee Mug of Doom'. From 1993 - 1999,
S'A'Alis hosted the servers that FurryMUCK ran on, and was a character creation
wizard 1993-2001. Condolences can be sent to his beloved wife, IceWolf:

M. Vogt, W5910 Genske Road, Black Creek, WI 54106

Life is eternal, and love is immortal,
and death is only a horizon;
and a horizon is nothing save the limit of our sight.
 -Rossiter Worthington Raymond

----
Apartment.(#51076RLJA)
More of a studio or loft than anything this apartment has had all separating walls removed except for those protecting the privacy of those engaging in bathroomly behaviors..  Nestled in one corner is a kitchenette type thing with an island counter for eating.  Along an opposite wall are large picture windows, at the base of which a low platform surrounding two mattresses set next to each other on the ground, creating a sort of soft spot in the floor to serve as a ginormous bed type thing, with a few comfortors and loads of pillows tossed in to complete the image.
Contents:
BUTTON: He Who's Ears Are Upon Him(#51757)
Macchi
Ranna's Tails(#58415X)
Fluffy pink ribbon for Astarael's decidedly fluffy tails
Makyo stretches out and yawns toothily, shaking Makyo's fur out.
Players online for whom you are watching:
Danish            Makyo             Sarusa            
Done.
The next scheduled database save will be in 0 secs.
You place a strategic call to one deity or another.
Makyo disappears in a puff of complacency.
Purple Nurple Foyer(#52464RLJ)
You step in through the door and into a cramped foyer.  Advertising
posters plaster the walls and there's another door right in front
of you (east).  The door is padded purple vinyl, studded in a diamond
pattern.  This is the Purple Nurple, Furrymuck's gay/les/bi nightclub
and meeting place.  Feel free to come on in if you are straight too.. we
don't bite (unless you ask nicely ;)  There is a sign on the wall next to
the door and a notice where the computer used to be, saying that it's now
in the main room.
Players inside the Nurple:
 Danish             Singe              Draconis           Kyhwana
 Paladin            Dachande.         
[Exits: <IN> to the Purple Nurple   <OUT> to Sable Street]
Contents:
PN RULES : READ THIS TO BE ABLE TO ENTER
You enter the PN
Makyo disappears in a puff of complacency.
The Purple Nurple
You are in the Purple Nurple, furry's premier gay/les/bi spot.  
The room is large, a converted warehouse - the ceiling's
about fifty feet above the crowded floor.  An entire suspended
lighting grid swivels back and forth in the middle of the room,
rigged with a complex array of lights, lasers and mirrors.  
The overall effect is of an alien spacecraft hovering about twenty
feet over the dance floor.  Huge projection wall-screens flicker
images of furries dancing, clips from anime movies, computer
graphics reels and old cartoons.  The music is loud, thumping
techno and house, bass thundering through the gyrating furries
on the dance floor.
To one side is a lounge area, acoustically out of the main thrust
of the speaker stacks allowing normal conversation.  A bar with
every drink known is along the wall of the lounge, and
the floor is scattered with heavy-duty beanbag chairs, funky couches,
and other assorted furnishings, all roomy enough for at least two furs.
A small staircase leads up to the Nurple Apartments.
Contents:
Danish
Fiend Plushie
Singe
Draconis
Kyhwana
Paladin
Dachande.
All complaints --> Rigel
NURPLE ADULT/PG POLICIES ****** PLEASE READ
Bulletin Board
Name                   Sex        Species     ('whospe #help' for help)
Makyo                  N/A        Anthro Arctic Foxy
Danish                 Manmoose   Manmoose
Singe[idle 11m]        Male       Anthro Fire Dragon
Draconis[asleep]       male       Daggin
Kyhwana[idle 1h]       male       Young morphic'leopard
Paladin[idle 8m]       Male       Big Blond Dingo
Dachande.[idle 21m]    Male.      Wolf.
Makyo recurl.  Just for a bit.
Kyhwana mrp, pets curled Makyos
Danish snuzzle on fox.
Somewhere on the muck, Miko has connected.
Miko arrives from the foyer.
Miko wanders in.
Paladin ruffle-snuffles Miko!
Miko pets Paladin!
Danish lows, "Hey, squirrel."
Makyo nosenoses at folks, prrf.
Miko snoofs fox in the ear and perches in an antler.
Makyo sqkyprr ^^
Makyo should probably go shower, alas.  Gotta walkadoggy one last time before a week without dogwalking.
Makyo recurl, sticks around here for a while.  In and out throughout the day.
Away message and away flag are now set.
Paladin likes to 'walk the dog'!
Draconis has connected.
Draconis whrf.
Draconis hugs Miko!
Draconis nibbles Danish!
Danish nar.
Somewhere on the muck, Tigerwolf has connected.
Somewhere on the muck, Tigerwolf has disconnected.
Undine arrives from the foyer.
Miko hugs Undine!
Undine hugs Miko!
Undine snugs Dachande.!
Danish nuzzles Undine!
Undine says, "D-ain-sorta."
Danish eyep.
Undine says, "How's it going?"
Danish is ok, still waking up.  Yourself?
Undine says, "I found two mah-hooos-ive slugs in the garden when getting rid of the ornamental plants."
Danish ooh.  Sounds like an exciting morning.
Undine has to go make lunch, has a wobble.
JanusFox arrives from the foyer.
Draconis has disconnected.
Paladin has disconnected.
Paladin yawns and curls up in a big blond ball of dingoness, putting his muzzle on his paws and his tail over his face.
Miko chatters, "Undines wobble but they don't fall down."
Miko chatters, "Unless they've had three bottles of wine."
Danish pokes Miko.  "Major Mud's Medicinal Tincture."
Cain arrives from the foyer.
Danish braq.
Undine has disconnected.
Cain Qrab
Danish nods.
Cain lean on Danish
Cain  whistles for a bouncer, and a huge gorilla steps out of nowhere, and hauls out the sleeping furries. "Time ta go, boyz.." he growls..
Undine is sent home.
Undine has left.
Draconis is sent home.
Draconis has left.
Paladin grunts when he gets woken up, pads over to the sweeper and buttpurrs, then padpads off home.
Paladin has left.
Miko chatters, "Ah, yes, of course."
Miko idles for approximately forever, or the length of time it goes to have lunch with mum.
Danish pets Cain, waves to outbound squirrel.
Kyhwana has disconnected.
Gyroe arrives from the foyer.
Gyroe growlfs!
Danish lows, "Heya."
Somewhere on the muck, Sarusa has disconnected.
Gyroe rumbles, "Rowr."
Dralen arrives from the foyer.
Dralen meeeeeeeeeeeeeeps.
Dralen leans on Gyroe.
Gyroe kneads him some droxy.
Dralen rrrrrrs and wiggles and purpurrrs.
Zeph arrives from the foyer.
Zeph rowr.
Cain pats ZephRowrs
Dralen meeeps and tailswishes at Zeph.
Gyroe licks Zeph!
Zeph licks Gyroe and Dralen some.
Gyroe to bed!
Gyroe goes home.
Gyroe has left.
JanusFox zephmews.
Zeph snugs on SpookyFox!
JanusFox licks in Zephears.
Dralen pushes Zeph over and cuddles on top of him.
Puc arrives from the foyer.
Puc mrwrfs.
Somewhere on the muck, Herefox has connected.
Cain puts Puc in a bowl of jello!
Puc o.O
Zeph, with dragonfox atop!
Puc swims through the jello, snagging a cherry on his way out ala-Pacman *nom*.
Dralen rrrrrs softly and closes his eyes and strokes at sneppid.
Cain claps
Dralen annoyed at Sandra and Woo >:(
Zeph rumbles osme.
Dralen nibbles on Zeph's ears.
Puc stretches and mrrfs.
Djirin arrives from the foyer.
Djirin has left.
Somewhere on the muck, Triggur has connected.
Somewhere on the muck, Zhorah has connected.
Zhorah arrives from the foyer.
Zhorah waves.
Zhorah sleepdrgn
Puc has disconnected.
Somewhere on the muck, Triggur has disconnected.
MegaWolf arrives from the foyer.
MegaWolf arranges Dachande and Cain for maximum pillow usage, drapes across them.
Srass arrives with a sudden echoing boom, and a musical flourish involving two dozen brass instruments, six timpani, and a crash of cymbals.  Angels sing in beautiful harmony, and sprinkle sparkling dust over him.
Srass has arrived.
Dralen meeeeps at Srass and Xane.
Srass coils around Dralen.
Dralen rrrrrs quietly.
Cain has disconnected.
Duelist arrives from the foyer.
Duelist .... uhhh
Srass licks all the usual suspects' ears.  Duelist included.
Duelist yips!
Duelist licks Srass!
Duelist is Kaiser Soze!
Srass says, "Who is Kaiser Soze?  Did he depose Kaiser Permanente?"
Duelist oh! He spelled it wrong. Keyser Soze!
Undine arrives from the foyer.
Duelist growls quietly, "He's the 'bad guy' in the movie 'The Usual Suspects'"
Undine waves!
Duelist licks Undine!
Undine licks Duelist!
Srass hugs Undine!
Undine hugs Srass!
Undine says, "Hello."
Duelist growls quietly, "Which, if you have never seen, I highly recommend."
Undine slumps on a couch. "What's going on?"
Srass says, "Just sitting here existing, at the moment."
Zeph is prettyfying his Bandcamp site that is looked at by nobody ever.
Undine's resting after stripping more wallpaper off the wall and finding a big band of steel, for no apparent reason.
MegaWolf squeek Dralen
MegaWolf growls softly, "Vhat a tweest"
Dralen rrrrrrrs.
MegaWolf licks Duelist's ears
MegaWolf snouts Undine
MegaWolf growls softly, "It's the tension band holding the entire house up"
Dralen says deeply, "It's an elastrator for the bottom half of the house."
Zeph mews, "It keeps the bad ether out."
Djirin arrives from the foyer.
Djirin boink
Dralen idles for brekkie.
Undine suspects it's for the Ether retention, as Zeph says.
Undine noses Megawolf.
MegaWolf pets Undine's parts
Srass mouths on Djirin.
Duelist growls quietly, "You sure it's steel?"
Undine says, "It's ferrous and galvanised."
Djirin gets drooled on? ew
Djirin points Srass at Undine instead
Srass drools on Undine and Djirin both.
Undine pets Srass' head, drips on Djirin.
Zeph mews, "Poor old Srass can do nothing but drool."
Undine says, "Leaky cat, does that when he's excited."
Zeph mews, "Oh, Unds, I got a really good book on abstract painting."
Danish rubs Srass' flank.
Zeph mews, "I also ordered a book on doing clever things with acrylics but they inexplicably sent me watercolour paper instead."
Undine laughs!
Srass purrs, and nuzzles Danish.
Undine says, "Beautiful."
Undine says, "What's the book?"
Undine says, "Danish, I was uttering something about you to someone you'll never meet."
Zeph mews, "'Painting Abstracts' by Rolina van Vliet, translated from Dutch."
Danish lows, "You're referring to the thing you just said to me and you're trying to make my head explode with recursion."
Danish lows, "Never again."
Djirin idles. lawn mowing awaits
Singe bobbles up the sleepers, but for how long?
Puc heads to the sweeper's home to bang their mother.
Puc has left.
Cain swears, "It's the Fuzz!" before hopping in his car and making a hasty getaway.
Cain has left.
Kyhwana jumps up and gives the sweeper a big *smooch* and bounds off home
Kyhwana has left.
Singe ding
Undine says, "Would I ever try such a thing.."
Duelist could mow his lawn. 11 blades of bermuda grass have seem to poked up thru his uhhh 'yard'. He should go remove them.
Undine dug out corms and rhizomes of various plants in his garden. Getting rid! :D Turnin the place back to bare soil.
Duelist do not allow unauthorized plant life on his property!
Undine hehs, it's a bit harder here. Plants grow a lot.
Undine says, "Did you see the state of the house, Duelist? All the boarded up windows?"
Makyo peeks on from phone. Awful client, but hi :3
MegaWolf petpets Makyo
MegaWolf growls softly, "I was going to do yard work then suddenly rain"
Miko unidles and cheekrubs on Makyo.
Makyo peeks on from phone. Awful client, but hi :3
Zhorah licks Makyonose
You say, "augh, this may be too awful..."
Zhorah licks Miko nose too.
Zhorah idle for breakfast
Miko squeeps.
Makyo nuzz at Miks and Mega and Zhorah, just watches instead
Undine hugs Srass!
Miko bought a couple of drinkies. Something that looks suspiciously like a Scandiwegian knockoff of Scrumpy Jack.
Miko chatters, "'S called "Happy Jack" and comes in "dry" or "oaky"."
Puc arrives from the foyer.
Duelist demands to see boarded up house!
Singe growls, "err ner! http://cheezburger.com/6576656384"
Duelist looks at the googler.
Undine says, "Google+, duelist. :)"
Undine says, "Just uploading."
Duelist sees Srass is making a bad decision....
Duelist growls quietly, "What, you don't want a giant window in your can, Undine?"
Srass says, "I'm crossing over to the dark side!  Aaaahahahahahaaaaa!"
Duelist growls quietly, "C'mon, get to know yer neighbors!"
Srass also hugs Undine.
Undine says, "Haa, there will be a giant window there, even bigger than the previous two. :)"
Undine strokes Srass lovingly.
Zeph mews, "Fling poop at passers-by."
Duelist growls quietly, "All glass walls in the can."
Duelist growls quietly, "That's what I would do."
Undine chuckles. "Horrible!"
Duelist growls quietly, "Make absolutely sure that no one could ever be comfortable."
Undine says, "Not the "water closet" but the "solar poop incinerator"."
Duelist growls quietly, "At least a jail cell has one solid wall."
Zeph cackles!
Srass says, "Claude's old boss actually did have a sliding glass door in the bathroom."
Duelist growls quietly, "So what are you doing here, Undine?"
Undine says, "I know, taking a small break from the shit-storm that is my current existence."
Undine says, "Having a cup of tea. Litrally it's now and times when i'm asleep or on "the can" where I stop to think."
Duelist growls quietly, "A man does some of his best thinking on the can."
Undine says, "Want any more pics, Duelist?"
Duelist growls quietly, "Well of course!"
Zeph mews, "Being able to think while asleep is an impressive ability."
Zeph mews, "Also it sounds like TIGR wants pictures of you on the loo, squish."
Dralen remeeps.
Duelist growls quietly, "Nah, that ain't my thing."
Duelist growls quietly, "I get it, some folks are into it, but...."
Undine nodnods. "I know, it has been said that there is no greater man than the thinker at-stool."
Duelist growls quietly, "I just never could."
Zeph grins, didn't think it was, just being daft.
Undine says, "Don't you think while asleep, Zeph?"
Zeph mostly has batshit-insane dreams.
Undine ahems, "I meant of the house, of course."
Makyo finds a slightly better client, cheer.
Zeph huzz, better phonefox!
Makyo wigglewiggle :3
Duelist growls quietly, "You know, your thoughts might be better than mine but I have thoughts going around in my head too about different thinkings and brain things that you can use."
Duelist growls quietly, "You guys don't always know what's best. My fuckin' thoughts have feelings of their own too sometimes."
Miko chatters, "Today's Finnishism: "To be with a wing on the ground""
Makyo's thoightsare pretty fuzzy
Srass says, "Brain things.  How do I get those?"
MegaWolf licks Duelist's brains
Undine uploads some more ppics.
Undine zzziiip!
You yerf, "Better client doesn't mean foxes can type on a phone, alas."
Miko chatters, "i.e. to be low, depressed, etc. Presumably derived from the behaviour of injured avians."
Undine says, "To have GIMS?"
Srass says, "Aww, it's a snee!"
Miko chatters, "GIMS is different."
Miko chatters, "Ooh, panorama of Randon's yard. http://t.co/PP4KKpR8"
Duelist growls quietly, "Who?"
Miko chatters, "My friend (and ex's current boyfriend) whose place I spend an inordinate amount of time at."
Duelist growls quietly, "Undine, did you remove ALL your windows?"
Undine says, "They were too small.."
Undine says, "Or didn't exist before."
Duelist growls quietly, "Too small?!"
Duelist growls quietly, "Ohh, I like that thinking."
Duelist growls quietly, "I love windows."
Undine says, "Yeah srass, a cauldron of snee."
Makyo huhs. Guy at gate with honest to goodness man-pris
MegaWolf http://skia.deviantart.com/art/Phone-Fox-175079615
Undine says, "I like light. :)"
Duelist growls quietly, "I totally misread, Miko. Of course we know Randon (or at least know of him)."
Miko chatters, "Oh right."
Duelist growls quietly, "Wow, that's such a peaceful lookin' place."
Srass says, "Foxyfluffs really *are* phone dialers! 8D"
Duelist growls quietly, "Forest and Subaru"
Miko chatters, "He occasionally complains about the neighbours."
Duelist growls quietly, "Or is that an Audi?"
Miko chatters, "'Cause, like, once or twice a week one will walk past in the road."
You yerf, "pagemail that to me, Mega?"
Duelist growls quietly, "Everything looks the same from the side nowadays"
You sense you have new mail from MegaWolf.
Miko chatters, "It's a turbo diesel Passat."
Duelist growls quietly, "See what I mean?"
Miko chatters, "Yeah, I hear ya."
MegaWolf pets the foxyo
Duelist used to be able to identify cars via profile!
You yerf, "Fanks :3"
Miko chatters, "It's nicely located. Not a long way to the lake, either, and the house comes with a boat spot for some reason."
Duelist growls quietly, "For a boat"
Undine sniffs the air. Autumn's coming and he has a house with big gaping holes. Fuuuuuuccck.
Makyo prr, prr.
Miko chatters, "It's rowboats there mostly. Kinda in the sticks."
Duelist growls quietly, "I know! Seasons are changing! It's only 99F around here nowadays."
Undine gotta go, back to the grind. "Take care all."
Duelist licks Undine!
Undine snugs Duelist!
Srass kisses Undine!
Undine says, "Be good, Skunklista."
Duelist o.o
Duelist rahter foxy today, ya know
Undine says, "Srass, for god sake, cover up."
Srass dangles at Undine!
You yerf, "Byeeee"
Miko chatters, "Not far from a city where rich people tend to have summer homes, though. Nice part of the world. Of course, he went from "casually dating" to "wanting to move in with" a guy who lives halfway across the country around the same time buying the house was finalized, so he's not *entirely* satisfied with his present homeownership.."
Undine says, "Eep!"
Srass says, "They don't make clothes my size!"
Undine says, "Miko, put that away."
Miko chatters, "It's nice out, but put it away?"
Duelist growls quietly, "Hey that reminds me."
Undine says, "Danish, for the last time.. take that out of your mouth."
Duelist growls quietly, "I haven't done that hot little finnish guy in awhile."
Undine snugs Miko!
Undine teleports away.
Undine has left.
MegaWolf nips foxy rump!
Somewhere on the muck, Herefox has disconnected.
Zhorah returns
Zhorah had biscuits
You say, "Alright. Enough of this phone business. Gonna reidle."
Makyo nuzznuzz lots of folks, curl.
Zhorah pets bigfox
Floid arrives from the foyer.
"Ar," Floid says "f."
Zhorah leans on Floid.
Zeph fuzzles on Floidingo some.
Duelist licks Zhorah!
Floid kickstand.
Floid pets notayenas.
Zeph rekatted.
Zhorah snug snlep!
Floid read that as reratted for a moment, got hopes up.
Srass noses Floid.
Puc waves a hand over his head where smoke has been beginning to build.
Floid gets secondhand Puc.
o/~ Katu tdyttyy askelista, eldmd on kuolemista o/~ Pane kdsi kdteen, ollaan hiljaa o/~ [Miko]
Duelist =^.^=
Dralen sprawwwwwwwwwwwwwwls.
Samanthia arrives from the foyer.
Samanthia slinks in.  
Samanthia pets DLST.
Srass nuzzles along Samanthia.
Zeph oh wow, best photoshopping ever 10/10 < http://mutanerda.deviantart.com/art/MONTADA-321193687 >
Samanthia pets Srass up and down.
Djirin has left.
MegaWolf nibbles Floid's 2001st part.
Cain arrives from the foyer.
Cain grunt
Zeph licks on Cainwoofs some.
Cain wig-el
Floid loses hearing in one ear, thus.
Cain flees
Cain teleports away.
Cain has left.
MegaWolf has disconnected.
Zhorah has disconnected.
Floid wonders what is wrong with him re: 70F feeling freezing.  End-of-summer-syndrome, clearly.
JanusFox was thinking the same thing heh.
Puc has disconnected.
Somewhere on the muck, Azure has connected.
Djirn arrives from the foyer.
Djirn crawls all over Srass. *crawl*crawl*
Floid says, "http://www.furaffinity.net/view/8789565/"
Floid thinks Djirsrassles will appreciate that.
Djirn blink
Singe growls, "fox! http://www.topatoco.com/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Store_Code=TO&Product_Code=SGR-EATED"
Srass pets all over Djirin.
JanusFox perks at shirt, needs.
Srass says, "I dunno about the cicada nipples. o.o"
JanusFox yips, "Angry ticks fire out of my nipples."
Miko chatters, "For the love of all that's holy, my anus is bleeding!"
Floid offers Miko a manpon.
JanusFox yips, "Well that's okay, even the one guy one jar guy survived without surgery."
Floid says, "Holy shit.  http://www.furaffinity.net/view/8820873/"
Zhorah has connected.
Zhorah rumbles, "I thought it was quiet"
JanusFox yips, "Man, people will hug you anywhere in a fursuit."
Floid says, "He did train first.  http://www.furaffinity.net/view/8540284/"
Kia arrives from the foyer.
Kia frinks.
Kia calls up Comrade Stalin, who shows up in his orange vest with a broom to sweep the sleepers off to their homes.
Puc heads to the sweeper's home to bang their mother.
Puc has left.
MegaWolf is sent home.
MegaWolf has left.
Djirn frunk
Duelist growls quietly, "One should really close mouf when skydiving."
Duelist growls quietly, "One never knows what'll fly up in there."
Floid demands one of these things for a pillow.  http://www.furaffinity.net/view/7700639/
Floid says, "As the comments mention, he would've had to rubber-band it shut.  Which probably would've looked silly on video."
Dralen meeeeeeeeeeps.
Duelist growls quietly, "Hah, the video is awesome"
Floid got no frash on this thing.
Duelist growls quietly, "That is really really cool."
Floid says, "I think maybe I should throw out 4 years of completely-out-of-date configuration (read: move to another ~/oldhome/, /oldetc) and just reinstall the latest DragonFly hotness."
Himmel arrives from the foyer.
Duelist growls quietly, "That's really awesome!"
Himmel obtains Danish. Uses it as a perch.
Dralen says deeply, "Haha! Cat sleep positions: http://www.buzzfeed.com/paws/awkward-cat-sleeping-positions"
Floid says, "It's a shame all my homebuild machines are un-identical tracking every AM2 chipset Radeon X200orwhatever -> 780G, or I could swap some shit out of the office and put the single-core Semprons back in those and have relatively-low-power fast-as-hell-for-home-server-use boxes."
Floid says, "I wonder if they didn't cut the ECC lines in those."
Floid wonders that, then remembers that all the ECC DIMMs he bought uselessly are DDR2.
Floid says, "It appears Lenovo paid someone to go through specific trouble to not draw those traces on the board on the Thinkwhatever tower that is the office "server"."
Himmel squeezes Floid's stuff.
Floid got no room for racks, though, and the only thing office needs is a switch to AM2 from 939 (hrrr) to deal with running Windows in a VM at faster-than-molasses speed.  It's still faster than NT on a 486, though.
Dachande. Waks up, surprirsed to find he slept in til 10.
Floid says, "Barely, but still."
Duelist growls quietly, "They got little tiny cabinets you can mount way up on a wall."
Zeph licks on Dachwuff some.
Dachande. licks on Zeph more.
Duelist growls quietly, "It'll hold a server, a switch...."
Floid says, "Economically and cosmetically it makes really little sense."
Duelist growls quietly, "Is this in your house?"
Floid should just trade crap out of the 'server' box into something homebuild with a board that consents to believe ECC exists someday.
Floid says, "Nah, law office, think bedroom-sized plus cubicle out in the floor-farm."
Duelist growls quietly, "I uhhh can't think that."
Duelist growls quietly, "I'm all about the true corporate office"
Floid says, "The real thing is, with ATX crap... let's say the worst happens and PSU fries, I have 3 spares at home plus Staples down the road."
Floid says, "If rack PSU fries, we gotta dump $300 on getting some stupid custom piece of shit FedEx'd out."
Floid says, "It really don't make sense for 'SOHO.'"
Duelist growls quietly, "Why not just cloud it?"
Duelist growls quietly, "Yeah I said it....cloud. Ugh."
Duelist growls quietly, "Or is it some goofy 'file server' thing?"
Floid says, "I'm a little tetchy about that because legal."
Duelist growls quietly, "Oh yeah, that's right."
Floid says, "Whup phone."
Huh?  (Type "help" for help.)
JanusFox is just happy not to need AT power supplies anymore.
Srass has arrived.
Srass has left.
JanusFox yips, "Had that one spare kicking around for years. People kept having them :P"
Samanthia hands Duelist: http://laspegasusunicon.com
Duelist growls quietly, "Oh for f...."
Duelist growls quietly, "At the Riviera? Haha"
Dachande. says, "Huh, wouldn't have figured the riv would be where they'd hold a bronycon."
Himmel says, "You should go, Dach."
Himmel says, "Bring a +1."
Himmel looks meaningfully at Duelist. >=3
Dachande. says, "Hahh, well they do have Tara Strong,sot hey might actually get a decent crowd."
Miko chatters, "What's the Riviera like?"
Miko chatters, "That name sounds like it's kinda cheap and trashy."
Dachande. says, "Kind of old, little small compared to some of the others on the strip but it's nice."
Miko chatters, "Ooh right."
Miko chatters, "I didn't think of the possibility it'd be a vintage name."
Dachande. says, "It's just one of the original ones."
Himmel pets Miko's ears.
Miko chatters, "From back when the Riviera as an idea had an air of sophistication, Sophia Loren and cocktails."
Dachande. says, "But unlike Cesars which was an early strip presence but just grew and grew and grew until you feel like the casino never effing ends. Riv is still pretty swank though."
Himmel says, "This next part of Black Mesa I'm about to do is freaking impossible."
Singe growls, "which part?"
Himmel says, "The Box-to-Box jumping."
Himmel is like gaaaaah.
Dachande. says, "Pretend the floor is lava."
Dachande. says, "Surely we've all traind for that since childhood."
Himmel is gonna eat lunch, first.
Himmel says, "Well, yes."
Himmel says, "But if Videogames were controlled with my own actions, I'd be even better at them."
JanusFox also fox... http://www.topatoco.com/merchant.mvc?Screen=PROD&Store_Code=TO&Product_Code=RUMB-SKATEFRIENDS&Category_Code=WELCOME
Himmel just imagines, full-body control and VR-rendering of Assassin's Creed. Any downstairs neighbors he'd have would hate him, but it'd be such fun!
Miko chatters, "Is there anywhere that looks like the 70s?"
Himmel says, "... Rural Sweden?"
Miko would love to go to a hotel/casino in Vegas that's themed to look like a hotel/casino in Vegas ca. 1965.
Zeph mews, "Tara Strong's awesome."
Zeph goes back to sleep.
Himmel lunchtiemnao.
Dachande. says, "The Golden Gate Club is like that Miko, they kind of never updated other than the machines."
JanusFox nodnods at Miko, wants that too.
Samanthia slinks out.
Samanthia teleports away.
Samanthia has left.
Zeph hugs about, sneaks to feed his mewface.
Zeph goes home.
Zeph has left.
Somewhere on the muck, Zeph has disconnected.
JanusFox wants 1971 and pink carpet.
JanusFox yips, "Actually the Florida Keys come close in some places.  But that's a different story."
Himmel wants 192X and a Jazz Club. But, of course, with all his modern comforts like video games and hair-straighteners.
Himmel says, "Well... Hair-straighteners that aren't just Irons."
Dachande. says, "They're squeezing irons."
Dachande. says, "Great for dual creesing socks."
JanusFox doesn't think Himmel wants the 1920s.
Himmel totally wants the 1920s.
Himmel says, "The Fashion, the Music."
JanusFox yips, "The racism :3"
Himmel points: Jazz Club.
Himmel would be safer than elsewhere!
Himmel says, "Of course, if I, as a musician, gained any sort of following, I'd be targetted for being an abomination."
Himmel says, "But oh, well!"
Himmel seriously, lunch.
Mundy arrives from the foyer.
Zhorah rawr some
Somewhere on the muck, Herefox has connected.
Kia has disconnected.
Mundy gooses Duelist!
Singe growls, "BOXES http://www.vgcats.com/comics/"
Mundy stares at FOX.
Zhorah rawr.
Zhorah has disconnected.
Zhorah has connected.
Zhorah eek
Zhorah clings to people
Duelist =O.O=
Somewhere on the muck, Rollo has connected.
Mundy licks Duelist!
Miko flails with a stick at nutritional information labeled "serving size: 1 serving".
Duelist licks Mundy!
Dralen has left.
Singe growls, "there's this One-A-Day brand of chewable multivitamins that instructs you to take two."
Mundy fiddles with FOX belly.
Djirn takes two Singe's a day. *nibble*
JanusFox likes gummy multivitamins, cause, gummy.
Zhorah rawr
Dachande. says, "I think One-A-Day referres to just the one dose, but really it'd be beter to have 2 a day in different intervals since you're going to piss out most of the first one by mid day."
Djirn urps
Duelist growls quietly, "I believe 'One-A-Day' is a brand name"
Djirn purrs quietly, "it is"
Singe growls, "and the not-chewable version you do take only one of"
Duelist growls quietly, "Man"
Duelist growls quietly, "So I started looking up weird and bad brand names..."
Duelist growls quietly, "And I found this: http://tinyurl.com/5wwurk"
Duelist growls quietly, "Waht the hell was wrong with us back then?"
Danish lows, "http://www.dangerouslaboratories.org/radscout.html  The rosy-cheeked lad at the bottom turned his backyard into a Superfund site as an Eagle Scout project."
Singe growls, "in shoe stores there was a popular x-ray machine for measuring feet. huge doses."
Duelist growls quietly, "Yeah, but this...."
Dachande. would like a radium watch, bets it still tics.
Duelist growls quietly, "All radium. Brush your teeth with radium toothpaste, wash it down with radium water....plug a radium suppository up your ass and wrap some around your balls....oh, and hasve a little radium chocolate for dessert."
Mundy licks Dachande.!
Dachande. taastes of hot sauce
Mundy's tongue bursts into flames.
Danish lows, "If Mundy's teeth were on fire..."
Danish unzips.
Somewhere on the muck, Rollo has disconnected.
Mundy <.<
Somewhere on the muck, Tony_Cheval has connected.
Mundy ponders a set of dentures, where all the teeth are shaped and colored like flames, and made out of a translucent material.
Djirn purrs quietly, "And have mini led's in them so they light up?"
Zhorah has disconnected.
Zhorah has connected.
Zhorah clean now
Djirn has left.
MegaWolf arrives from the foyer.
MegaWolf licks Floid
MegaWolf growls softly, "Curled curly tail"
MegaWolf http://www.puplookup.com/content/images/dog-breeder/breeder_2359_662.jpg
MegaWolf also *smewches* Duelist FOX!
Dachande. licks MegaWolf!
MegaWolf nuz nuz Dachande
Zhorah has disconnected.
Travis arrives from the foyer.
Zeph arrives from the foyer.
Zeph mewmewmews.
Kia has connected.
Travis waves
MegaWolf kisses snowmew
Zeph purrs on MegaPup some.
Zeph wiggles paws idly.
Duelist stretch out!
MegaWolf kisses Duelist 'gain too!
MegaWolf sneaks, RL
MegaWolf has disconnected.
Floid says, "Man, seriously Japanese people can be macabre."
Zeph mews, "Explain?"
Singe growls, "guro?"
Floid says, "This nice middle-aged immigrant friend-client lady is having trouble finding a decent job here after a divorce and trying to decide if she's moving back to Japan to basically linger around the nursing home where her folks are living until they're gone and it's her turn to wind up in it."
Somewhere on the muck, Azure has disconnected.
Danish lows, "I think that's the Japanese way of bringing up that she's available."
Floid says, "So... my father, being kind of a blunt sort, and somewhat agreeing with the 'enough is enough' attitude, kept leading her on with the whole 'don't want to be a burden, sometimes I just want to die, ...'"
Floid says, "Polite awkward conversation.  Stereotypical but aieesh, steer it *away* when it goes there people."
Travis winks out of sight in the sparkling glow of a space/time rift.
Travis has left.
Floid says, "Don't forget to do all that while fueling up with Ethyl, tigr."
Duelist o.o
Kia has disconnected.
Floid finds it sorta interesting how it only took about 100 years to go from 'wow, chemistry is simple!' to 'woah, we better make sure we design this shit to degrade, because the simplest stuff persists forever.'
Luperion pads in and growls!
Luperion has arrived.
Mundy cuddles Luperion!
Luperion ruffle-snuffles Mundy!
Dachande. says, "Sort of nsfw, but amusing, http://imgur.com/gF7Gs ."
Floid says, "Rainbowels."
Dachande. says, "Must be unicorn variant."
Floid freezings much.  Desires some form of medication which does not exist, at least in his vicinity.
Luperion dogs Floid to keep him warm.
Duelist growls quietly, "It's called booze"
Floid says, "Enh."
Duelist growls quietly, "Cures what ails ya"
Floid's stomach just fails to thrill at the idea.  In part because it's empty, whups.
Dachande. says, "Get some Dr. James Barttolomew Horatio's Medicating Tonic Water. It's full of 180 vegetables and 13 different animals with just enough alcohol to keep it shelf stable for years. One spoon a day keeps the rickets away."
Floid opts to try to figure it out after trying to sneak additional nap.  People are wanting him to do extremely inconvenient things and have them done already.
JanusFox wants something with 13 different animals.  Not enough of that on the market.
JanusFox also learned that dropping a small rare earth magnet on metal drill fillings makes it instantly the sharpest object known to man.
Somewhere on the muck, Sarusa has connected.
Zeph dead from cute: < http://faror1.deviantart.com/art/Shimeji-Snow-Leopard-264681891 >
Miko whoa. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYEUoSQXdcE
Miko immediately hears it alleged that in parts of fFinland that plant is known as a "pries's dick".
JanusFox yips, "omg cute."
Duelist ooo, cattails!
JanusFox also hasn't seen one of these things since 1995.
Mav arrives from the foyer.
Mav wuffs.
Miko chatters, "..annnnd apparently the real name of the plant in Finnish is obscure-archaic for "wolverine's dick"."
Zeph wouldn't mind seeing Wolverine's dick.
Duelist go store!
Duelist goes home.
Duelist has left.
Mundy GWAHAHAS. http://cheezburger.com/6572261376
Puc arrives from the foyer.
Puc gruffs.
Zeph noses on Puc some.
Puc mrarfs, headbutts Zeph.
Mav wruffs gruffly, "Kittens"
Kia has connected.
Somewhere on the muck, Herefox has disconnected.
Kia has disconnected.
Kia has connected.
Kia has disconnected.
Kia has connected.
Kia frinks.
Mav mephs.
Miko strokes Kiabutt.
Somewhere on the muck, Herefox has connected.
Kia prrs at Miko and grrs at mudclient, which lee
Kia says, "keeps fucking up. "
MegaWolf has connected.
MegaWolf growls softly, "Dingo, notdingo."
MegaWolf shakes off from the shower, then curls up, muzzle on paws. z.z
Luperion woofs, "The We and the Not-We."
Mav wruffs gruffly, "Knotdingo."
Luperion woofs, "Gladly."
MegaWolf ponders a snow dingo hybrid.
Luperion gruffles, "Sneaux dingeaux?"
MegaWolf growls softly, "That too"
Luperion giggles.
MegaWolf ponders a pack of all the canids. Dingo, dhole, wild dog, Ethiopian wolf, jackals, 'yotes, etc.
Somewhere on the muck, Azure has connected.
Luperion wuuffs, "For cuddles?"
MegaWolf growls softly, "And such!"
Luperion gruffles, "Indeed."
Luperion barks, "Puppies love cuddles."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Cuddles. Yep. ,.,"
Himmel not cuddles Mega.
Luperion pants, "Knot cuddles?"
Mav wruffs gruffly, "Knots are best cuddled."
MegaWolf pleads the fifth... of vodka.
MegaWolf velcros Himmel.
Himmel yipe.
Luperion wuuffs, "To Mav!"
Mav hugs his tail.
Himmel gonna play Black Mesa for a bit.
MegaWolf curls up, gnaws on chewybone.
Kia has disconnected.
Himmel gets on his gaming goggles.
Miko chatters, "What is the purpose of the goggles?"
Himmel says, "THey... don't really do much."
Himmel says, "Yeah, now that I think about it..."
Himmel says, "The goggles?"
Himmel says, "They, uh... do"
Himmel says, "very little."
Luperion growls, "Doggles."
Luperion idles to 'walk the dog'!
Luperion growls and pads out!
Luperion has left.
Himmel says, "He means 'Masturbate.'"
Miko chatters, "You know, they'd help prevent a psychotic Rainbow Squirt den mother from plucking out your eyes."
MegaWolf growls softly, "So Black Mesa actually got released, eh?"
Himmel says, "Couple days ago, yeah."
Himmel says, "And... Maybe, Miko. But I have no idea what that is."
MegaWolf growls softly, "I'm sure it'll do okay but I wonder how much interest there is left for it."
Miko chatters, "Philistine."
Himmel says, "Maybe I shouldn't play video games."
Puc has disconnected.
Himmel says, "I really ought to read something."
Himmel says, "Like this great piece, what was it..."
Danish lows, "Have you ever said something that was 100% true but 100% irrelevant?"
Himmel says, "Bartleby and the Scrivener?"
Miko punts Himmel.
Himmel =3
Himmel says, "Problem?"
Miko chatters, "It's from Psychonauts, when the G-Men interrogate Raz. "WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE GOGGLES?!""
Miko chatters, "And later the Rainbow Squirt den mother threatens to pluck out his eyes and he goes "Ah-ha! THAT is the purpose of the goggles!""
Himmel assumed Miko was going for 'The Goggles, they do Nothing!'
Danish ohhhh, I vaguely remember that.
Himmel has not played Psychonauts, though, no.
Himmel says, "But then, no one has."
Himmel says, "Hence its reputation as Best Game No One Played."
Himmel says, "2005, iirc."
Miko chatters, "Well, nobody did when it first came out."
MegaWolf tickles Himmel's insidey parts.
Himmel eek.
Miko chatters, "I bet when/if they Kickstart it they'll get $4M in the first day, though."
Himmel is not making much progress in the Play Black Mesa thing.
Miko chatters, "The sequel, I mean."
Himmel says, "Most definitely, Squiz."
Miko chatters, "A lot of people want it something fierce. Notch was all "well, I can invest $2M or so in it""
Miko chatters, ""Because I want to play it""
Himmel says, "Most expensive game ever."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Neo Geo?"
Miko chatters, "Neo Geo did not cost $2M."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Sure felt like it!"
Danish lows, "You had one?"
Miko chatters, "Of course, if he invests $2M he'll probably get a game and $2.2M for his trouble, but.."
Gyroe arrives from the foyer.
Gyroe growlfs!
Mav wof.
Danish's childhood punches MegaWolf.
Himmel is mostly playing Black Mesa for the Nerd Points, though, he admits.
Himmel says, "It's an FPS, and lord knows I hate the format."
Danish lows, "Even as a kid I knew there was no point in asking for a Neo Geo."
Himmel says, "Because Portal."
Himmel says, "And Still Alive."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Nah"
Himmel thinks he left out a line, there.
Himmel says, "'But I still want to, as a matter of gamer cred.'"
Danish lows, "That's not an FPS, Wolfenstein 3D's an FPS."
Miko peers at Danish.
Danish lows, "I can see you've played knifey-spooney before."
Kuttas arrives from the foyer.
Kuttas points at the lazing sleepers and goes all tribal, shouting, "Ki'i ki-rharg, ki'i etya stye ngyet-ngye!"
Puc heads to the sweeper's home to bang their mother.
Puc has left.
Kia is sent home.
Kia has left.
Zhorah is sent home.
Zhorah has left.
Kuttas has left.
Danish lows, "Hi K..."
Danish lows, "Hi Kimmel."
Danish hugs Kimmel.
Himmel pets Danish.
MegaWolf O.o
Rhi arrives from the foyer.
MegaWolf growls softly, "Double Dragon!"
Mav falls over, paws in the air.
Himmel says, "Half Life Vets."
Himmel says, "Tell me."
Himmel says, "How often is there ventilation duct combat?"
Rhi has disconnected.
Rhi teleports away.
Rhi has left.
Kia arrives from the foyer.
Kia frinks.
Vetiver arrives from the foyer.
Himmel says, "Hey, Kia."
Srass arrives from the foyer.
Srass nuzzles around and and things.
Kuttas arrives from the foyer.
Srass licks Kuttas' muzzle.
Kuttas licks Srass' whiskers.
Gyroe kneads on Kuttas and Srarse.
Kuttas snickers.
Srass purrs, and paws at Gyroe.
Kuttas rubs Gyrow.
Kuttas errs, Gyroe*
Srass says, "Let's put the ow in Gyrow."
Srass chews on the dragon's arse!
Kuttas pinches!
Danish lows, "Let's put the gyro in Gyroe."
Danish does this.
Kuttas spins Dragon!
Srass says, "Save some for us!"
Duelist arrives from the foyer.
Srass licks Danish and Duelist.
Kuttas licks Duelist!
Duelist =^.^=
Kuttas pinches Moose.
Duelist licks Srass!
Duelist licks Kuttas!
Danish just licks everyone and has a bunch of weird fur on his tongue.
Kuttas thinks the weird fur is probably Srass'. Almost certainly, in fact.
Srass is weird all over, so it stands to reason his fur would be weird.
Kuttas isn't weird at all. Nope, nosir, not one bit.
Danish oh, there was this one curly black hair that was 20 feet long, that was probably Srass.
Kuttas pets Srass' nose with [redacted].
Srass licks Kuttas' [redacted].
Kuttas adds a couple more [redacted] per nostril.
Srass o.O
Kuttas snickers evilly.
Srass mouths on Kuttas' entire forearm at once.
Srass slobber, drool.
Kuttas pets Panther's uvula. *tugtug*
Srass' expression gets stranger. *glurk*
Danish read that as vulva, didn't question it.  :/
Kuttas nods to Danish. Srass is -that- weird. c.c
Danish pets Srass' vuvuzela.
Kuttas says, "Don't pet it. Blow on it."
Danish t-toot... toot... *blush*
Srass *definitely* does not have one of those!  Not even in the chicken form!
Kuttas says, "What, a vuvuzela?"
Srass says, "Yeah!"
Kuttas says, "Why not?"
Kuttas says, "They're terribly annoying! :-D"
Srass says, "They're annoying!"
Kuttas inquires, "Aren't hyenas annoying, too?" He tugs some more.
Srass says, "Hyenas are flavorful. c.c"
Duelist preps for hardcore, full contact, professional BINGO!
Srass makes a strange gurgling sound.
Kuttas >.>
Danish lows, "What kinda stakes?"
Kuttas O.o
Srass says, "You'd probably better stop tugging on that.  It doubles as a delivery lever of sorts."
Kuttas peers into Srass' mouth. His voice reverberates, "What's that noise?"
Kuttas says, "Delivery level?"
Kuttas says, "Err, lever?"
Himmel says, "Kuttas."
Srass says, "Delivery lever.  Of half-digested lunch."
Himmel | http://images.4chan.org/v/src/1347829959465.jpg
Duelist growls quietly, "Let's see....it's a double action session...."
Kuttas ohs. He pets the back of Srass tongue, instead.
Himmel says, "Stolen from Tapestries."
Kuttas peers at Himmel.
Himmel was amused.
Duelist growls quietly, "1/2 the games pay $200, half pay $400, Coverall pays $1000, hotball is $2500 and the progressive is $26,913"
Kuttas has seen that image before.
Himmel says, "Oldie but goodie?"
Kuttas shrugs.
Miko fnarrrr, hotball.
Tequiua arrives from the foyer.
Tequiua waves.
Srass pets Tequiua.
Duelist growls quietly, "Boulder Station progressive bingo win pays $135,500"
Himmel says, "Total, or top-tier?"
Tequiua pets Srass.
Danish is pretty good at Bingo.
Srass says, "How do you manage to be good at Bingo?  It's a game of chance, isn't it?"
Tequiua says, "Pretty good? There is a technique for Bingo?"
Tequiua hehs at Srass.
Srass grins at Tequiua.
Duelist growls quietly, "It's ALL skill man!"
Duelist growls quietly, "Same with slot machines"
Srass says, "Gosh... that little old lady sure is good at pulling levers."
Danish lows, "There's no random element in top-tier bingo, it comes down to playing it right."
Miko chatters, "Just like the stock market!"
Srass says, "How's this possible?  You hear a number, you put a chip on the number."
Duelist growls quietly, "IT's HOW you chip that number that makes all the difference."
Duelist growls quietly, "Also, daub"
Duelist growls quietly, "Not chip"
Duelist growls quietly, "Rookie."
Srass says, "I haven't played since grade school.  Of course I'm a rookie. :-P"
Tequiua says, "Top-tier? There are tiers in Bingo?"
Kuttas wriggles on Srass distractingly. Annoying hyena is annoying!
Zeph mews, "Over here bingo is played by old women and people who are under the mistaken impression it might be fun."
Srass zerberts Kuttas' nuts.
Duelist growls quietly, "Listen...."
Kuttas murrrrs!
Srass says, "It's the same thing over here, too, Zeph."
Duelist growls quietly, "$135,000 to win."
Duelist growls quietly, "Fuck those old ladies. I'm takin' that money!"
Duelist growls quietly, "To win that $135,000 you have to coverall in 51 balls or less."
Tequiua says, "Here too, bingo is played by widows, old ladies and old dudes expecting to score with an old gal."
Srass oooohs!
Srass says, "Now I know Duelist's angle. >;)"
Duelist growls quietly, "On a super coverall progressive like that there is usually only one winner."
Scruff arrives from the foyer.
Scruff sneaks in, and up into FOXY lap
Srass pets Scruff's ears.
Scruff headrubs up at srasspaw. Mriew!
Kia has disconnected.
Vetiver snugs Scruff.
Duelist petpetpte CHTA!
Duelist growls quietly, "These guys are makin' fun of me, CHTA"
Scruff chirps, "Butbutbutbut, big FOXY!"
Scruff noses at a mapsbok paw. That one! *nosenosenose*
Scruff inspects the big FOXY. Yup, excellent creature!
Danish hugfuzzles Scruff.
Kuttas considers turning on the radio.
Scruff rears up on hindpaws, hugs 'round moosemuzz ^-^
Kuttas hasn't got any QSL cards lately
Duelist needs to put his antennas back up!
Kuttas says, "https://imo.im/fd/C/QkPpapbN9P/292225_306211372787161_1053649823_n.jpg"
Danish ha.
Duelist growls quietly, "Oooo, great pic!"
Scruff loves that pic!
Duelist needs to get ready for BINGO.
Duelist growls quietly, "Just, while y'all are pokin' fun at me....I should mention...."
Duelist growls quietly, "Since 2011, I am up $12,300 playin' bingo."
Kuttas could use $12300
Duelist growls quietly, "But that don't mean it came home with me >;)"
Srass grins.  "Cool."
Miko could use $123.
Danish huh.  Gotta make it rain sometimes.
Himmel could use $12.30
Danish could use $12.
Srass says, "No?  What'd you do with it?"
Kuttas would be on a plane in short notice if he had that.
Duelist growls quietly, "Slots, restaurants, bars....etc."
Miko could .. no, he's probably got $1.23 on the floor, total.
Srass ahs.
Duelist growls quietly, "I have a running tally of my 'casino in general' fund...."
Duelist growls quietly, "Since 2008 I'm up, like, $8"
Danish lows, "Miko, if you share your $1.23 with me I can get a pack of smokes."
Scruff chirps, "Eight bucks!"
Miko chatters, "I'll just put the change in the mail for you, yeah?"
Duelist growls quietly, "So consider that as a career."
Kuttas says, "That's $19.65 or so a day"
Danish pets, you're a dear.
Duelist growls quietly, "$8 in 4 years. So that's $2 a year."
Duelist growls quietly, "About 200 hours a year..."
Duelist growls quietly, "I make a penny an hour, gambling!"
Srass says, "I imagine you're doing better than a lot of people. :-P"
Danish lows, "Have you gotten any old lady hugs, though?  Those are more precious than money."
Duelist growls quietly, "Hell no"
Duelist growls quietly, "Those old biddies are a menace!"
Kuttas snickers.
Duelist growls quietly, "Especially around nickle slots!"
Duelist growls quietly, "Watch those old, pointy elbows, cuz they throw 'em"
Duelist growls quietly, "Anyhoo, time to BINGO! Wish me luck!"
Tequiua says, "Nickle slots? They go that low?"
Danish lows, "Luck!"
Srass says, "Good luck!"
Miko chatters, "What happens if you add the money you've spent on eating and drinking to that $8? I mean, you don't subtract lunch from your paycheck."
Tequiua says, "I though the lowest was $1 USD"
Miko chatters, "Break a leg!"
Duelist hah!
Duelist bingooooooo!
Duelist goes home.
Duelist has left.
Danish lows, "Macbeth!"
MegaWolf vaguely fends off RL
MegaWolf nosekisses Scruff, 'cuz kitten.
Kuttas had this creepy chick hitting on him hard the last two times he went to the redneck bar. The second time, he asked her, "So, you lookin' to take a randy young cowboy home to rock your world all night long?" with a suggestive grin. When she smiled and waggled her eyebrows and said, "Yes," he continued. "Me too. Any prospects?"
Kuttas says, "Err, Creepy old chick*"
Srass giggles.  "What'd she say to that?" :D
Kuttas says, "Not a word."
Srass laughs!
Tequiua says, "Brakeback mountain episode."
Kuttas says, "She just got this really weird expression and wandered off."
MegaWolf snibbles Makyo and Zeph, Floid gets tweaked.
Kuttas says, "She was also like, 4'2" and probably old enough to be my mother. It was ridiculous to start with. "
Tequiua is ok with old people sex, "They are good on bed too."
Gyroe scoots!
Gyroe goes home.
Gyroe has left.
Tequiua says, "Or so... I... em... had heard... <.< >.>"
Danish lows, "So, old, short, good to go, and you turned this down?"
Kuttas says, "Yes."
Danish pets Tequiua, we all like DILFs here.
Srass giggles, and pets Tequiua.
Tequiua says, "DILF?"
Himmel says, "Dad I'd like to Fuck."
Tequiua chuckles.
Himmel, super into'em.
Kuttas says, "I've got no problem with older women. Older women are awesome. But I don't like being hounded, and I'm not keen on casual bar hookups."
Danish growls, "Himmel, go to your room... on second thought, go to my room."
Kuttas says, "Actually, I'm no keen on casual hookups in general."
Tequiua says, "Casual hookups are good. Straight to the point."
Mundy BURP.
Himmel goes to Danish's room. Waits patiently.
Tequiua says, "Cheaper in the long run."
Danish lows, "Itty bitty baby."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Ugh, what is with websites and this Springboard video server?"
MegaWolf growls softly, "The videos won't play for me"
Miko chatters, "Itty bitty boat."
Tequiua says, "Springboard sucks!"
Himmel says, "I CAN'T BE-MEME- IT."
Scruff noses around, sneaks out!
Scruff teleports away.
Scruff has left.
MegaWolf also hates it when there's like twenty servers he has to pick from in Noscript to get anything to work at all.
Kuttas rubs PILF.
Srass mews, and nuzzles Kuttas extensively.
Kuttas snuggles all over Srass.
Danish lows, "http://i.imgur.com/kQQUy.jpg"
Srass says, "Cute."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Hah"
Zeph listens to a mixtape type thing he got sent by a fellow werewolf enthusiast called 'Wolfsongs for Wolfbros'.
Mundy says, "Hungry Like the Wolf on it? :)"
MegaWolf growls softly, "Hungry Like I Was a Teenage Werewolf Of London"
Miko mutters something about showing you what all that howl is for.
Himmel says, "Or Within Temptation's The Killing?"
Zeph mews, "Heh, first track is a cover of that, Meeks."
MegaWolf totally needs to remix a song with that title now. n.n
Kia has connected.
Floid boggles at his landlordlady re: text messages.
Danish licks Miko!
Danish lows, "You reminded me I actually really do like a song about werewolves."
Zeph mews, "One of us! One of us!"
Himmel says, "Sorry. Not The Killing."
Danish lows, "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1-xRk6llh4"
Himmel says, "The Howling."
MegaWolf growls softly, "THT DNT CNFRNT ME, LNG AS I GT MY MNY NXT FRI"
Danish oh.  Really needs to read up before posting things.
MegaWolf growls softly, "Werehuahuas"
MegaWolf growls softly, "The Yipping"
Huh?  (Type "help" for help.)
Himmel says, "I would love this song if it was mixed down differently and the guy sang differently."
Zeph mews, "Man, I kinda want to share the mediafire link for this mixtape thing but I was asked not to. But it's really awesome. Dilemma."
Danish lows, "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4s5bj5fZO8  There you go, Himmel."
Miko chatters, "Try a live version? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxawVMQ02dc&"
Himmel says, "Well, I meant going the other way, Danish."
Miko chatters, "Actually, given the choice of which one to put on an album, I'd go with that live recording over the studio one."
Himmel says, "The Live Version is better, yes."
Miko chatters, "But then, I almost always would."
Zeph totally accidentally copypastes http://www.mediafire.com/?n2w8ufd6a3coghs
Danish lows, "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSEYGsk6KTM , Himmel?"
Danish lows, "Sorry, wrong link.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uec35ppYLIc"
Miko chatters, "I like how little most of them look like members of a rock band."
Makyo mrp.
Makyo mrp from Canada.
Danish lows, "Makyo summoned by the dulcet tones of Neil Sedaka."
Danish hugs you!
(p) In a page-pose to you, Rikoshi snoof.
Zeph snugs a Makyofops, who he saw rather the likeness of on FA: < http://www.furaffinity.net/view/7700639/ >
Duelist arrives from the foyer.
Kuttas licks Duelist!
Himmel gapes at Danish.
Himmel says, "That guy is..."
Himmel says, "So..."
Himmel says, "-So- White."
Somewhere on the muck, Rikoshi has connected.
Duelist growls quietly, "oh yeah! time for hardcore championship bingo!"
Duelist licks Kuttas!
Mundy says, "Full-contact bingo? :)"
Kuttas says, "Have fun!"
You are currently marked as being away.
You page-pose, "Makyo nuzznuzz, all the way over from Canada." to Rikoshi
You have 1 mail messages waiting.  Use 'page #mail' to read.
(p) In a page-pose to you, Rikoshi thinks you smell metric.
Duelist growls quietly, "nah, full contact is for screwing"
MegaWolf gently headbutts Duelist FOX
MegaWolf (Today at 8:22:40AM) -- http://skia.deviantart.com/art/Phone-Fox-175079615
*Done*
Kuttas says, "Hide the dauber."
Kuttas snerks.
Mundy says, "Dauber dick."
Himmel says, "Dobiedick."
MegaWolf ohgodtehkyoot. http://www.furaffinity.net/view/8847494/
You are currently marked as being away.
You page-pose, "Makyo nod!  Well...mostly smells like fox.." to Rikoshi
Zeph eeeeee.
Away flag reset.
Duelist growls quietly, "sweet foxies"
You yerf, "Goodfoxes."
Danish lows, "Whole gallery is brainmelting."

----------

Ogg arrives from the foyer.
Ogg waves 'round, glumly, having just read about Margaras.
Draconis hugs the Ogg, and glums right along.
Ouroboros waves to Ogg.
Djirn rubs Draconis' belly to keep up the wrring
Makyo nuzz on Ogg.
Ogg chatters, "That's two military furs that we've lost in vehicular crashes.  Doesn't seem fair."
Floki "Hi Ogg!
Floki says, "Meep, what happened...?"
Floki says, "Reading, where...?"
Justin arrives from the foyer.
Floki reads 'read'.
Floki says, "Oh, heavens..."
Justin pounces and puppylicks! Floki
Floid has disconnected.
Floki meep!s at Justin.
Floki says, "Hi!  You got furry!"
Floki's left head mourns at Margaras.
Ogg hugs Floki!  Floki hugs the pea-green monkey warmly and scritches his spine.
Floki snugs Ogg sadly.
Makyo mmmf ._.
JanusFox work, no plays.
Justin yaps, "You think I should shave?"
JanusFox changes a few array pointers around and ends up someplace else.
JanusFox has left.
Floki says, "No!  I am far more used to furred people than bare-skinned!"
Djirn sheds on Draconis so he looks furry for Floki
Ogg chatters, "That's fuzzy logic."
Floki grins at Djirn. "Scales are not bare skin!"
Floki fuzzles Ogg.
Skylos has disconnected.
Somewhere on the muck, Tigerwolf has connected.
Miko hugs Ogg!  Ogg YEEKs in alarm and blushes a deep forest green, but does nothing to try to escape Miko's attentions.
Miko shrieks, "WHAT UP MOTHERFUCKERS HERE'S A BOMB ON Y'ALL"
Skylos is sent home.
Skylos has left.
Puc heads to the sweeper's home to bang their mother.
Puc has left.
Floid is sent home.
Floid has left.
Singe eeks!
Singe has left.
Fiend Plushie bounds after Singe.
Miko ahems. c.c
Floki says, "Hi, Miko."
Makyo o.o;
Miko chatters, "Hi, Floki."
Miko cuddles on Flokes, too.
Floki purrs on Miko a lot.
Tear has disconnected.
Miko sneaks to take his mama shopping.
Miko winks out of sight in the sparkling glow of a space/time rift.
Miko has left.
Somewhere on the muck, Miko has disconnected.
Undine licks Draconis!
Undine hugs Ogg!  Ogg YEEKs in alarm and blushes a deep forest green, but does nothing to try to escape Undine's attentions.
Justin  whistles for a bouncer, and a huge gorilla steps out of nowhere, and hauls out the sleeping furries. "Time ta go, boyz.." he growls..
Tear is sent home.
Tear has left.
Undine raises the modesty screen. ;)
Draconis growfs, "you get my mail squish? re: window stuff?"
Undine says, "I dih."
Draconis growfs, "goodo."
Gyroe sneaks!
Gyroe goes home.
Gyroe has left.
Ogg counterhugs Undine.

-----

Makyo yrp.
Kia has a listen to Who by Fire?.
Miko hugs you!
Himmel rubs Miko.
Kia says, "The live version, so it isn't tarnished by Cohen's cheap-Casio aesthetic. "
Harth says, "That sucks about Marg, first I heard about that."
Kia says, "Though he wasn't doing that on New Skin yet. "
Makyo squeeze MIKS?
Miko eek.
You say, "Argh phone ;.;"
You yerf, "Sorry..."
Miko pets Makyo and his phone.
Miko thinks about Crocu for a bit now.
Makyo leeean.  Sigh.
Azure arrives from the foyer.
Azure prowls in.
Duelist thump Footpad. "Woof, how you is, hmm?"
Footpad blinks, widens his eyes, and exhales a deep breath.  "Knocked" is about the best word for it.
Miko then thinks about Margs' music, some of which was sitting in a folder somewhere on a webserver, and trying to find that URL, and his first thought is 'ask Margs'. Stupid brain.
Footpad would have complained about the cold he's got, but suddenly it's no longer so goddamn relevant.
Makyo woke up thinking about Lynx. Has been up and down all day.
Arcturus arrives from the foyer.
Pontiac chomps on Arcturus.
Footpad oddly knows he's not really going to grieve for lynx.  Just think about him a lot for a while.
Duelist growls quietly, "I think that time has passed....enough....that we will be coming to grips with this in our own ways."
Himmel daubs at Foots's nose.
Miko puts on "So You'll Aim Toward The Sky" for the eleventh time this week.
Grynn tackle jaql.
JanusFox yips, "Poor guy.  Ah well, keep calm, carry on, and all that rubbish."
Skylos softly barks, "how many people are comfortable with death?"
JanusFox yips, "The trick is to be a jerk so you live forever."
Himmel says, "Depends on whose, Skylos."
Miko chatters, "My own death, or death in general?"
Makyo gets all sniffly in hotel bar. Classy as fuck. Idles a few.
Himmel says, "As for Margs, I'm just going to miss him."
Kia shrugs... Death comes to us all. Lemur would prefer it not come to him too soon, except for when he feels trapped, depressed and alone.
Skylos softly barks, "I'd think both, Miko.  But if yo have to choose one, I'd say that of others.  You'll have to deal with that a whole lot more times."
Skylos softly barks, "Nobody likes to feel like they don't have options."
Himmel says, "As for me, I have no problem with it happening. I hope as few people are distraught by my passing as possible, because I don't want to cause people pain."
Kia says, "As for others... And so it goes. "
Footpad is in the mood for angry music.
Kia gives Footpad some Geto Boys? They're his go to for angry music.
MegaWolf growls softly, "In the Angry Dome."
Duelist growls quietly, "Death isn't nearly as much of an issue as 'we want more' is. Face it, we want more. Taking someone away from us sucks. Yeah, it might sound selfish, but that's what it is. We want more."
Duelist growls quietly, "And now that we can't have more, well, it sucks."
Himmel nods.
JanusFox yips, "I'm really more concerned about the nature of the demise."
Miko chatters, "Well."
Miko chatters, "I was just thinking I wouldn't be so upset if Margs had.. gone somewhere. Become unavailable to me specifically."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Also the perceived unfairness of it."
JanusFox yips, "What concerns me is well... erf.  I just hope he was going fast enough."
Skylos is curious of the circumstances of the accident, but it doesn't matter in the end.
Miko chatters, "It's that there's no more Margs to be had, for anyone, anywhere."
Miko chatters, "Been trying not to think about that, Janus, thanks."
Srass has left.
Srass has arrived.
Duelist growls quietly, "Yeah...."
Duelist growls quietly, "I don't want to consider either."
Duelist growls quietly, "Cuz it ain't nice, no matter how you think about it."
Footpad finds himself protective and angry at the thought... no, fuck that.
Footpad wants more time with lynx.  Wants lynx to have more time with him.  It's not just selfish.
Himmel leans on Footpad.
Skylos huffs.
Skylos softly barks, "well.  "
Kia pets Footpad.
Somewhere on the muck, Tigerwolf has connected.
Kia oohs. There are "Mad World" piano tutorials.
TealFox arrives from the foyer.
JanusFox yips, "80s or 90s?"
Kia dunnos. Lemur's listening to a little known cover from the fabulous Red Paintings right now. Will look at the piano tuts momentarily.
Kia'd like to check the lyrics on this one. Suspects they're different.
Skylos wags.
Joe arrives from the foyer.
Skylos sniffs Joe.
Kia wonders where Joe's going with that gun in his hand.
Joe eyes Megawolf, comes over with a bottle of the good stuff.
Joe sez, "Kia, I'm going to shoot my old lady, heard she been messin' around wit anutha man!"
Joe sits across from Megawolf, waits for him to awake.
Joe waves to the small wuff and the big wuff.
Joe sits back, putting one ankle on a knee.
Footpad watches Joe with polite mistrust.  Wolves tend to be that way with strangers.
Joe is not just a stranger but strange little Footpad.
Joe peers but smiles.
Miko chatters, "Speaking of, Foots. I miss you. We should try to actually figure out a time & place."
Kia thinks looking at piano tutorials for nice songs will distract him.
Joe eyes Miko and looks away.
Skylos coldnoses Joe and tries to lean on him.
Joe pets Skylos a bit but directs him to a chair at the table he's at with Megawolf.
Joe would sniff Kiwaku but the foxy party boy is not about tonight.
Kia already has the sheet music for fucking SMB.
Joe orders a Bin 63, and Damian and Enrico spring into action, preparing it in a matter of moments and sliding it across the bar with a flirty wink.
Skylos climbs up on chair?
Joe drops Bin 63.
Joe orders a Bin 65, and Damian and Enrico spring into action, preparing it in a matter of moments and sliding it across the bar with a flirty wink.
Joe drinks a bit of Bin 65.
Makyo okay.  Back at room.
Joe eyes the Skylos and gives snax.
TealFox hugs Makyo
Skylos munches.
Makyo squeeze around Tealio.
Kia wonders if he could convince his tutor to drop To a Wild Rose in favor of Mad World.
TealFox provides comforting and soothing hugs
Joe leans on elbows on the table, wresting his chin on one fist and idly petting Skylos with the other.
Kia will get arund to Maple Leaf Rag in due time.
Skylos tries to lick in Joe's mouth.
Kia prrs quietly. Lemur supposes he's done found his instrument.
Somewhere on the muck, Vikki_Fox has connected.
Joe rather avoids tounge with Skylos, popping a pretzle into that maw. "This always happens. Megawolf has /just/ left and I'm here with a pencil and paper. He's prolly in another window watching and laughing."
Joe rolls his eyes and chuckles.
Skylos softly barks, "what are you going to do with the paper?"
Joe sez, "Write on it."
Joe peers at Skylos.
Skylos softly barks, "what are you going to write on it?"
Joe sez, "Your home address and then show up in nothing but a leather halter when your dad answers the door."
Joe ^.~
Skylos softly barks, "Hell yea."
Skylos can't wait.
Joe lauhgs.
Joe drinks a bit of Bin 65.
Weaving under the weight of an order of Bacon, >Manuel< stumbles over and gives it to Joe.  He trots back to the kitchen, panting.
Joe rips off a piece and gives it to Skylos.
Joe eats a bit of Bacon.
Skylos softly barks, "my dad: http://dogpawz.com/photos/People/dad2.jpg"
Skylos softly barks, "he had a surgery recently on his neck artery because it was clogged"
Skylos softly barks, "but there was a complication and he had a stroke."
Mundy pokes at MSMVs.. Grf.
Skylos softly barks, "He'll be staying with my brother and nephews and sister in law for a while until the doc says he can do stairs again."
Makyo curls 'gainst Tealfoxes.  Wrrf.
Joe sez, "Ironically thats not far from what I look like in RL: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-bKbQXVNBnIc/T1z--qrC5XI/AAAAAAAAAIU/5VM9IWCOWQM/s1600/DocHD.jpg"
TealFox is good for curlling up with
Pontiac teleports away.
Pontiac has left.
Joe thinks Skylos dad did okay, he made Skylos.
Makyo prr and prr on Teal :3
Joe sez, "When did Megawolf last post here?"
Skylos heh.  "That's kind of you to say Joe.
Joe drinks a bit of Bin 65, finishing it.
Footpad likes the look of Skylos's dad.
Skylos softly barks, "my dad is a real friendly sweet guy."
Skylos softly barks, "Love him so much."
Joe sez, "You exemplify this."
Miko paws at Footpad.
Joe imagines an inverse of the Vader thing, Skylos is nice, like his father before him.
Footpad leans on Miko, and sighs thoughtfully.
Miko counterleans and closes his eyes.
TealFox snugs on Makyo. So is not liking sudden fall allergy attack...stupid texas trees
Footpad nudges Miko with his nose.  Is there a better airport to look for than 'sinki?
Joe really needs to chat with Megawolf eventually.
Dachande. says, "Wouldn't the inverse of Vader mean that his father would have been good and then his father would have been mean? Although luke was sort of a dick now that I think about it."
Skylos isn't whiney, he hopes.
Joe sez, "No, inverse of the whole deal."
Skylos softly barks, "My doggie Akando is whiney.  In fact, he just whined atm e just now."
Duelist growls quietly, "Bite that bad dog!"
Miko was looking at Tampere-Frankfurt because RyanAir is all he can afford, before having a poke at the other departure options.
Skylos softly barks, "but he's cute, and he has a flop ear."
Joe eyes his cat. "Bubba is full of love and purrs. I have this fantasy that we are both reincarnated. I was a brash priest in a hindu temple and went out for wood in the morning and he killed me as a tiger and now he's my pet in America. XD
Footpad would quite like to see Finland again.  On the other hand, he'd like Miko to meet Mischa.  So it can go either way.
Joe gets Footpad some vodka.
Joe orders a Finlandish Vodka, and Damian and Enrico spring into action, preparing it in a matter of moments and sliding it across the bar with a flirty wink.
Azure turns and runs away, disappearing in an azure-edged silver flash.
Azure has left.
TealFox has disconnected.
Arcturus hnngf
Kia notes that Helsinki airport is lovely.
Name                   Sex        Species     ('whospe #help' for help)
Joe                    Unknown    Transhuman
TealFox[asleep]        male       Arctic Vulpine
Srass[idle 9m]         herm       polymorphic chakat
Arcturus               male       Jackal
Makyo                  N/A        Anthro Arctic Foxy
Harth[idle 9m]         Male       Minotaur
Skylos[idle 2m]        male       Man-Dog
Footpad                male       grey wolf (non-morphic)
Acy                    mALE       Chow chow (chow)
Grynn                  male       Grey/Arctic Wolf
Vexus[idle 1h]         Male       Cosmic Black Fox
Vetiver[idle 24m]      Male       Gemsbok (Southern oryx)
JanusFox[idle 4m]      male       Cross Fox
Kia                    male       ringtailed lemur (lemur catta)
MegaWolf[idle 23m]     male       White Wolf 'Morph
Malkoten[idle 3h]      male       Black Panther
Himmel[idle 24m]       Male       Cat
Floid[idle 1h]         male       Dingo
Duelist[idle 2m]       Male       Skunk!
Mundy[idle 8m]         -unknown-  -unknown-
Miko[idle 2m]          o->        Nut muncher
Dachande.[idle 3m]     Male.      Wolf.
Joe hands Finlandish Vodka to Footpad.
Kia suspects it beats hell out of flying out of Pulkovo, which, when flying in, struck him as if his British Airways flight was also a time machine to 1973.
Skylos brings Akando to meet Mischa.
Miko cares little about the details. He just wants some Footles time. :)
Joe gives Footpad to Miko
Joe is not authorized to do that but tries anyway.
Miko appreciates the thought.
Skylos softly barks, "here"
Skylos softly barks, "here's the white akando, sable banshee, and me: https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/rrJg5hctUS6dSzvd412HvdMTjNZETYmyPJy0liipFm0?feat=directlink"
Miko awr, doggies.
Duelist bites all those bad dogs!
Himmel misses his pup. ._.
Makyo snf.  Miss dogs.
Joe sez, "Okay, seriously, when did Megawolf come on to FM so I can meet up with him?"
Skylos softly barks, "duelist, can't you tell these are good dogs, because they are german shepherds?"
Duelist growls quietly, "Of course they are!"
Duelist growls quietly, "They can take biteys too, cuz GSD is tough dog!"
Footpad guesses Kostya is lucky he can take biteys, because he must get a lot from TIGR.
Miko wishes he had a better idea of his plans past the end of the month. It's all up in the air.
Duelist do bite Kostya! *grni*
Duelist err grin!
Duelist growls quietly, "Kostya looks like Banshee."
Skylos softly barks, "megawolf shows online, Joe."
Joe hands Bacon to MegaWolf.
Duelist - http://www.bigtiger.net/images/Kostya.jpg
Skylos softly barks, "he hasn't sent a message for 27 minutes though."
Joe orders a Meet With Joe, and Damian and Enrico spring into action, preparing it in a matter of moments and sliding it across the bar with a flirty wink.
Skylos orders a doggie blaster, and Damian and Enrico spring into action, preparing it in a matter of moments and sliding it across the bar with a flirty wink.
Skylos drinks a bit of doggie blaster.
Skylos drinks a bit of doggie blaster.
Skylos drinks a bit of doggie blaster, finishing it.
Joe hands Meet With Joe to MegaWolf.
Joe sez, "There."
Joe chuckles.
Skylos softly barks, "Akando is whining up  storm.  Better dog the walk."
Footpad wags his tail gently.  Kostya is so very, very purty.  Happy memories of dog when he was only three months old.
Srass has left.
Makyo just got dogpictures tonight.
Joe sez, "I always thought the internal email of mucks could be used for short encrypted messages, but this is different."
Srass arrives from the foyer.
Joe imagines the NSA watching the Nurple.
Joe O.O
Say version 3.11a (c)1993 by Tim (#64369)
Type 'sayhelp' for help on say. Local notify-routines now supported. Sayhelp 5
You yerf, "There we go: http://pics.lockerz.com/s/246236343 "
Makyo must hug that dog.
Mundy says, "Kostya looks almost camera shy."
Duelist growls quietly, "Awww, sweet foxy dog!"
Duelist growls quietly, "Nah, Mundy, that is suspicious dog. He is at the vet."
Mundy says, "Ah.. Gonna get stabbed with needles"
Duelist growls quietly, "He don't mind needles. He do not like the vet tech tho. The vet tech is a wuss."
Skylos winks out of sight in the sparkling glow of a space/time rift.
Skylos has left.
Kia has yet another listen to Rachele Gilmore.
Mundy wonders if he cooked this MSMV..  Hmm..
Makyo dog is okay!  He's a big thing, good for a hug or two.
Joe eyes Kia.
Joe https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4t2AVTtPSQ
Duelist - http://www.bigtiger.net/images/kdbw.jpg
Kia says http://youtu.be/CHp4LLnlKIg
Footpad stuffit.  Gets up, packs in a hurry to board a train.
Miko hugs Footpad!
Kia pats Footpads rump onto the train.
Miko chatters, "Seeya, dearest of wolves."
Mundy says, "Happy dog is home"
Makyo hug on Footpads.
Duelist pets-n-thumps Footpad, nicely, of course.
Footpad pokes Miko with his cold nose.  We shall discuss this further.  For now: au revoir.
Footpad has disconnected.
Duelist growls quietly, "Makyo has awesome dawg."
Joe eyes the fading Megawolf and chuckles. He gets up, pays Enrico and leaves this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXYl5NrHPb4
Joe goes home.
Joe has left.
Makyo tries to snoof his way into Miko's good favor.  "So You'll Aim Toward The Sky" came on playlist and now feels all okay.
Miko pets Makyo, who is permanently favored as it is.
Makyo's dog is okay!  Sometimes a brat!
Makyo prr and prr :o)
Miko puts on a last song for the night. Low - Lullaby.
Mundy studies the logic diagrams. Brainsplodey.
Makyo awr, more dog: http://pics.lockerz.com/s/245597378
Somewhere on the muck, Tony_Cheval has disconnected.
Himmel buries himself in Science. Ugh.
Makyo ugh wants to tussle with these paws: http://pics.lockerz.com/s/243461399
Duelist growls quietly, "Awwwww"
Duelist growls quietly, "That's such a sweet dawg."
Makyo loves that dog so much :I
Duelist growls quietly, "Good!"
Duelist growls quietly, "You should"
Djirin arrives from the foyer.
Srass noses Djirin.
Kia gives Himmel some goggles. Otherwise, Science can blind you.
Miko nuzzles about and beds.
Duelist licks Srass!
Miko winks out of sight in the sparkling glow of a space/time rift.
Miko has left.
Somewhere on the muck, Miko has disconnected.
Srass licks Duelist!
Djirin blinds Sras with science
Duelist whips out his hockey stick. He 'skates' up to a sleeper, winds up and lets a slapshot go!
TealFox spins and spins into a Teal blur and then with a loud *FOOP*, disappears!
TealFox has left.
Footpad slinks cautiously to a safer sleeping-place.
Footpad has left.
Srass bumps into things.  Including science.
Harth winks out of sight in the sparkling glow of a space/time rift.
Harth has left.
Djirin nooooooogies srass nooogyingly
Srass gropes Djirin firmly!
Mundy gooses Duelist!
Duelist O.O
Zhorah arrives from the foyer.
Zhorah rar.
Somewhere on the muck, Vikki_Fox has disconnected.
Mundy grumps and flails around in http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/cd14538b.pdf
Djirin symlinks Mundy to Srass
Djirin hmms. multivibrator
Djirin peers at Mundy
MegaWolf drops Meet With Joe.
MegaWolf drops Bacon.
Mundy's not making sex toys. >.<
Duelist chrp!
Djirin murmurs quietly, "Sureeeeeee"
MegaWolf growls softly, "Speaking of... where is Alex fox?"
Srass says, "He hasn't even signed on since April."
You yerf, "AlexP/"
Zhorah rumbles, "Foxcube?"
Makyo er.. ?
Zhorah rumbles, "Alexp is a cube"
You yerf, "He's all over twitter."
MegaWolf growls softly, "Tell foxcube to revivify!"
Makyo okies, did so :o)
Kuttas arrives from the foyer.
Srass licks Kuttas' ears.
Kuttas wriggles them
Grynn ruffles Kuttas' mane.
Kuttas licks Grynn!
Grynn wags and slurrrps hyena back.
Djirin muwahahahas
Kuttas eyes Djirin.
Djirin burp
Kia's cat seems to be developing a fondness for being where he is.
Djirin drapes atop Kia too
Srass offers Kia a cat spatula.
MegaWolf gobed before Freaky von Psycho returns.
Mundy hmms.. one-shot is not one-shotting..
MegaWolf winks out of sight in the sparkling glow of a space/time rift.
MegaWolf has left.
Kia says, "I mean, exactly where I am. So I sit up in bed, and she gets between me and the pillow. :P "
Kuttas says, "Who's Xane on about?"
Somewhere on the muck, MegaWolf has disconnected.
Mundy says, "Joe, I wager."
You yerf, "Alex, Kuttas?"
Makyo oh, right, reads up c.c
Kuttas says, "Oh, oops... I forgot something..."
Kuttas bites Mundy!
Dachande. says, "I'm thinking Joe."
Duelist licks Kuttas!
Makyo nod c.c
Kuttas shakes his head. Poor Xane.
Kuttas licks Duelist!
Zhorah rumbles, "who's joe?"
Kia says, "Joe's the guy with the gun in his hand who's going to shoot his old lady. "
Kuttas says, "I thought he was a plumber."
Kia says, "Joe's the guy with a plunger in his hand, who's going to plunge his old lady's toilet 'cause he caught her flushing things down the toilet? "
Makyo cold, tired.  Probably bedtime in a bit.
Zhorah curls around Makyo
Mundy hmms.. Eyes logic doodles.
Makyo curl within curl, steals a bit of warmth.
Zhorah is very warm
Kia listens to a song that may make him cry.
Mundy seems to have also misplaced one of his little voltage doodads..
Kia gets a tin hat and a gun and gets sent away to the war.
Makyo purr and purr and purr at Zhorah.  Fox should bed.
Duelist sneak into FOX bed!
Makyo has a big bed, for the next few nights!  King!
Duelist not sure space is all that necessary >;)
Duelist kidding! Innocent foxy >:)
Zhorah sneaks in too!
Makyo giggles, prrr :3
Djirin reduces the king to a twin.  puts Duelist atop Makyo
Makyo prrr, good and cozy and warm beds :3
Kia prrfs. o/~ For to hang tents and pegs, a man needs two legs--no more waltzing Matilda for me. o/~ That'd be the part that usually gets him all misty. :(
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas snugz. :) How you?
Duelist might not be so innocent with Zhorah tho!
Duelist whistles....
Kia mmfs. Helps that his own history has a bit of this in it.
Zhorah <.<
You page, "Rough night. Lost a friend last week, still dealin'.  You?" to Judas.
Kia's great(?)-granddad got gassed in the Great War. Wasn't the same after.
Kia says, "So I hear. I never met him. "
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas awrfs, an' snugs you into his lap. He gently wrapps you up in foxarms an' foxtail, resting his muzz on your shoulder. "I'm okie. Just chillin' in front of the TV.
Kia's drunk-ass grampa just invaded Sicily or whatever.
Kia says, "He's dead too, before I ever had the sense to talk to him. And so it goes. "
You page-pose, "Makyo rrmfs and leans in against you all cozylike, chills with you for a few longer, then." to Judas
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas nuzzles ears. Anything I can do?
Kuttas leans.
Kia wishes his grandfolks could've lived long enough for him to have some sense.
You page-pose, "Makyo nuzz atcha some.  Will just be time, supposes :o)" to Judas
Himmel liens on Kuttas.
Kuttas is cat exempt.
Himmel collects his ees, anyhow.
Himmel... fees.
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas nodnods an' jus' snuggles. Gonna go to bed?
Kuttas robs Himmel blind.
Kia wants to talk to gramma S---y and grampa S---y and granny H----s and Papa H----s. Gramma could tell him about when she was in a convent. Grampa could tell him about Sicily. Papa could tell him about all of his crazy random jobs and being on the Mississip and all. Granny could tell him... um. Something. Or other. Ok, Granny, kind of an awesome lady, but perhaps not the best historical source.
Zhorah licks Kuttas.
Kia could get at great-granny the post-mistress and general-store-...woman through her, but would rather have just talked to great-granny.
Mundy bangs head on desk.
(p) Judas pages, "Should I get ready wif pillows an' plushie? :)" to you.
Kuttas pets Zhorah's nose.
Kuttas thinks Himmel is a scaredy cat.
Srass peers at Mundy.  "You okay over there?"
Zhorah rubs nose on Kuttas.
Mundy says, "No."
Kia mmmhs. And the greats could've told me about the great-greats... *sigh* Fuck you, Mr. Death.
Himmel pffs.
Himmel says, "I'm many things."
Himmel says, "A scaredy cat is not one of them."
Duelist growls quietly, "What's up, MundyWoof?"
Grynn yawwwwns.
Mundy says, "This MSMV isn't working. It looks like I've got shit connected properly.  But.. It's not behaving."
Djirin murmurs quietly, "Pound it with a rock"
Mundy says, "That'd be real helpful."
Djirin nods!
Kia anyways. Lemur lets you talk about scaredy cats and MSMVs.
Djirin offers Kuttas for pounding instead
Himmel rubs Kia.
Himmel says, "I'd love to meet my ancestors."
Himmel says, "But all of them would think I'm an abomination."
Himmel says, "The living ones all do, anyway."
Kuttas murrs!
Kia met his grandparents. All of them loved him.
You page-pose, "Makyo rrwf, nod, definitely time for bed soon.  Needs cozy :3" to Judas
Himmel says, "One of my grandparents loved me. And one of my step-grandparents."
Himmel says, "Actually."
Kia says, "All of them died before I had the sense to actually ask them anything. "
Himmel says, "I'm not even sure how to define that relationship."
Kia says, "Fuck, I should talk to my dad about Vietnam. "
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas gently picks you up, an' carries you over to the bed. He pulls back the sheets wif his tail, sets you on the bed, gets in himself, an' covers us both up. :)
Himmel says, "My grandmother married another man."
Kuttas wonders why, if Himmel isn't a scaredy cat, he's set !K?
Kia says, "Well, at least she didn't marry another woman? "
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas gets all snuggly, a life-size foxplush. :)
Himmel says, "... Is that what the flag is, here?"
Kia's gramma would've married another man if she hadn't been Catholic and... well, Catholic.
Himmel says, "I thought it was kill_ok?:no ."
Kia says, "Grampa was a nasty drunk. "
Himmel's biological grandfather was a douchewad.
Cain arrives from the foyer.
Cain sits down
Makyo sneaky to bed.
There's no place like home...
There's no place like home...
There's no place like home...
You wake up back home, without your possessions.
Makyo disappears in a puff of complacency.
Apartment.(#51076RLJA)
More of a studio or loft than anything this apartment has had all separating walls removed except for those protecting the privacy of those engaging in bathroomly behaviors..  Nestled in one corner is a kitchenette type thing with an island counter for eating.  Along an opposite wall are large picture windows, at the base of which a low platform surrounding two mattresses set next to each other on the ground, creating a sort of soft spot in the floor to serve as a ginormous bed type thing, with a few comfortors and loads of pillows tossed in to complete the image.
Contents:
BUTTON: He Who's Ears Are Upon Him(#51757)
Macchi
Ranna's Tails(#58415X)
Fluffy pink ribbon for Astarael's decidedly fluffy tails
You page-pose, "Makyo sqky, purrs and gets all cozy with, then, nestling under covers.  Fox really should get to bed, 'fore it stays up much longer." to Judas
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas turns out the light. Goodnight. :) *Zzz*
(p) In a page-pose to you, Judas *mrr*-signs you to sleep. :)
(p) Judas pages, "*sings" to you.
You page-pose, "Makyo dozes 'gainst comfortably, prr." to Judas
% Connection to furry closed.
```
